documentation: Instructions for local development (#2180)
outline/outline: README.md

    1. `SLACK_SECRET` (this is called "Client Secret" in Slack admin)
1. Configure your Slack app's Oauth & Permissions settings 

>     1. Add `http://localhost:3000/auth/slack.callback` as an Oauth redirect URL
>        1. In the latest Slack settings, the `http//*` cannot be added for security. For local development, you can use a tool like `ngrok` or a package like `mkcert` and I've included some links below.
>           1. [ngrok](https://ngrok.com)
>           1. [How to use HTTPS for local development](https://web.dev/how-to-use-local-https/)
>     1. Ensure that the bot token scope contains at least `users:read`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Slack recently prevented the use of `http` protocol for localhost. For local development, you can use a tool like [ngrok](https://ngrok.com) or a package like `mkcert`. ([How to use HTTPS for local development](https://web.dev/how-to-use-local-https/))
    1. Add `https://my_ngrok_address/auth/slack.callback` as an Oauth redirect URL
    1. Ensure that the bot token scope contains at least `users:read`
```

Reviewer: Prefer not to use the "I" pronoun in documentation
